Hahaha kid
Cloud Pavilion, I might as well tell you
Throughout Jiangzhou
Only the Li family can afford Yunshang Pavilion
I don't know if other people can afford it.
I can't afford it anyway
Go for it.
History Gold Card
You know of course
The History Gold Card is a status symbol of history
Only the children of the Li family can have it
However, I am also quite familiar with the Li family
Why didn't I see sloppy?
Qi Shao, he shouldn't be pretending to be someone who left home, right?
Impersonating a child of history
Do you know what the consequences are?
My card was given to me by Li Lao himself
You said that Grandpa Li gave you a gold card.
Why don't you say that Li Qingcheng is your girlfriend?
Well, you were right.
She really is
Forget it, I'm too lazy to waste time with you.
I'll give Allure a call
Hello police, are you busy?
My real estate company under your company
Something happened, I almost got caught by him
Okay, Qi Shao, don't waste your time here
You go upstairs and wait for me
OK, I'll wait for you.
Where did you pick up a broken card to show off your power here?
So poor and pretending
Gold and silver relief
This is Mr. Li's personal customized card.